.\" manual page for we-blog, a command wrapper for We-Blog
.\" Copyright (C) 2011 Ton Kersten
.\" Copyright (C) 2010-2011 Jaromir Hradilek
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
.\" any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;  with no
.\" Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\"
.\" A copy  of the license is included  as a file called FDL  in the main
.\" directory of the We-Blog source package.
.TH we-blog 1 "2011-02-18" "Version 0.5" "We-Blog Documentation"
.SH NAME
we-blog \- allows you to run We-Blog utilities with a single command
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  we-blog
.I  command
.RI [ option ...]
.PP
.B  we-blog
.BR help | man
.RI [ command ]
.PP
.B we-blog
.BR \-h | \-v
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B we-blog
provides a common way to run We-Blog utilities with a single command.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Command Line Options
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Displays usage information and exits.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Displays version information and exits.
.SS Available Commands
.TP
.BR init ", " in
Runs
.BR we-blog-init ,
a utility that either creates a We-Blog repository, or recovers a
previously corrupted one.
.TP
.BR config ", " cf ", " cfg
Runs
.BR we-blog-config ,
a utility that either displays, or sets We-Blog configuration options.
.TP
.B  add
Runs
.BR we-blog-add ,
a utility that adds a blog post or a page to the We-Blog repository.
.TP
.BR edit ", " ed
Runs
.BR we-blog-edit ,
a utility that edits a blog post or a page in the We-Blog repository.
.TP
.BR remove ", " rm ", " del
Runs
.BR we-blog-remove ,
a utility that removes a blog post or a page from the We-Blog
repository.
.TP
.BR list ", " ls
Runs
.BR we-blog-list ,
a utility that lists blog posts or pages in the We-Blog repository.
.TP
.BR make ", " mk
Runs
.BR we-blog-make ,
a utility that generates a blog from the We-Blog repository.
.TP
.B  log
Runs
.BR we-blog-log ,
a utility that displays the We-Blog repository log.
.TP
.B  help
Displays usage information, either for the utility itself, or for the
selected
.IR command .
.TP
.B  man
Displays a manual page, either for the utility itself, or for the selected
.IR command .
.TP
.BR version ", " vs ", " ver
Displays version information.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B  EDITOR
Unless the
.B  core.editor
option is set,
.B  we-blog
tries to use system-wide settings to decide which editor to use.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR we-blog-init (1),
.BR we-blog-config (1),
.BR we-blog-add (1),
.BR we-blog-edit (1),
.BR we-blog-remove (1),
.BR we-blog-list (1),
.BR we-blog-make (1),
.BR we-blog-log (1)
.SH BUGS
To report a bug or to send a patch, please, add a new issue to the bug
tracker at <http://code.google.com/p/we-blog/issues/>, or visit the
discussion group at <http://groups.google.com/group/we-blog/>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2009-2011 Jaromir Hradilek
.PP
This program is free software; see the source for copying conditions. It is
distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
